[SYCL][doc] Update documented clang-format version (#16660)
intel/llvm: CONTRIBUTING.md

    [clang-tidy](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) tools can be
    integrated into your workflow to ensure formatting and stylistic
    compliance of your changes. To avoid code formatting misalignment with
    the GitHub Actions check we recommend using the same version of clang-format

>     as used in the CI. See `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` for the
>     current version, which at the time of writing this document was
>     clang-format-18.

Reviewer: Don't think that the last part with "... at the time of writing this document ..." is necessary.
```suggestion
    as used in the CI. See `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` for that.
```

Author: Ending the sentence with "for that" is awkward. I'll use "See `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` for the current version".

    [clang-tidy](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) tools can be
    integrated into your workflow to ensure formatting and stylistic
    compliance of your changes. To avoid code formatting misalignment with
    the GitHub Actions check we recommend using the same version of clang-format

>     as used in the CI. See `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` for the

Reviewer 2: Have a link to the `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` file would simplify navigation.

>     the GitHub Actions check we recommend using the same version of clang-format
>     as used in the CI. See `.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml` for the
>     current version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    the GitHub Actions check we recommend using the same version of clang-format
    as used in the CI. See [.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml](https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/.github/workflows/pr-code-format.yml)
    for the current version.
```
